# Energy - i

The word energy seems simple but it is a very complex endeavor to master in implementation in one's daily life. Every man and woman has a different amount of energy, to say one is lazy is a very surface level comment. A man's energy can be affected by many factors: the quantity/quality of sleep, the environment, stress, the food that one intakes, the air that one breaths, the blockages of energy that the body has, trauma stored in the body, the energy output, internal battles, the principles that one is directing their energy, meditation to decentrate/concentrate energy, exercise, qi gong to intake and clear energy, bad programming from others, energy vampires, disharmonizing EMFs, and etc. since the list of factors is becoming long. We need to analyze deeply and be empathetic to others even when we dislike them. One can be a sinking ship with many punctures which they can be thought of as energy leaks. To say one is lazy is just deeply programming the trait into another. One bad apple spoils the whole barrel which can be demonstrated through sympathetic resonance (tuning forks) and conductors where electrons flow to the next atom. Do not feed thine ego, at the end, we all lose as a collective; the gratification that one gains out of hurting others is short-lived. The scales of justice will be unbalanced then re-balanced with negativity. Violenece feeds violence; love feeds love. If one accidently feeds the ego, amend thy fault. Here is a quote to remember.

> Tomorrow, every Fault is to be amended; but that Tomorrow never comes - Benjamin Franklin

i will expand on this topic later as i gain more time and insight but be in the present and be mindful of thine actions.