# Fasting - i

Read disclaimer(s) in the README.md.

i want to start off by saying, fasting is not going to make one anorexic or be nutritionally deficient or lead to death or permanent injury when done properly by proper nutrition and not having a deficiency in the first place (lots of people eat junk food through observation of peoples' shopping carts and the lines at fast food places). Additionally, i can back it up with my own personal experience having done a 21 day water fast and a 5.5 hard dry fast. However to fast this long without previous experience is like a man trying to achieve olympic level feats, thy body, mind and spirit are not ready to handle that type of stress; one must gradually adapt to it as the body is doing a cleaning spree in the body. Modern science and documentaries are proving that it is healthy to go without food as it promotes stem cells and autophagy (the recycling of dead/weak cells). Modern science is slowly catching up to eastern philosophies. Not everything has to be proven scientifically to be true, sometimes one has to experience to know what is true but listen to thy body. Some things are unmeasurable at this point in time. Here are common fallacies, one may come across about fasitng: appeal to tradition fallacy, eating three meals a day; appeal to emotion fallacy where one has an emotinal connection to food and the dopamine hit (sounds similar to an alcohol addiction), and bandwagon fallacy where a majority of people do the same custom seems to be strong in this topic, would thou jump off the bridge if thy friends committed to that action? Be curious and stay safe as always.