# Understanding the Dollar Crisis by Percy L. Greaves Jr.

Understanding the Dollar Crisis is more than a book about economic terms. I learned about free market concepts where men always seek to gain rather than lose and how things are subjectively valued as the sayings go, "Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder" and "One man's junk is another man's treasure"; there is no such thing as an "equal exchange" as all parties will always try to come out ahead in a transaction, the better educated the men and women involved in the transaction, the higher the probability that the transaction will become a positive rather than a negative. We need to focus on educating our fellow man to make the best decisions for the best outcome as handing over economic/educational decisions to a third party results in their subjective value being painted on thy canvas.

What government interventions does to the economy with monetary policies which artificially controls the market creating a socialist/communist market; we can see this through social security, welfare, and government subsidies where the re-distribution of wealth is given to the "less fortunate" however that just hurts everyone at the end; there is also a flaw with progressive income tax, where the waterfall cascade affects every class of people. The drama show will progress and there will be a point of no return until the band-aids do not keep the wounds closed or we run out of band-aids.

 What the beginning intentions were for the Federal Reserve and how those intentions started to rot as it started to serve a different purpose than its original purpose. How inflation and credit expansion go hand in hand where bad money pushes out good money; where it may take 2 dollars to be worth a dollar, i.e. a 50 cent dollar. Fiat money has a backing but its not the backing one would assume, as per the Constitution, gold and silver used to be the credit. We used to be on the gold standard but it has been replaced by another "substance".

 "We the People", men and women of mankind needs to start learning what is really going on and to take action before it is too late, for our posterity's future is on the line. We do not know that a game of chess is being unfolded while we the players are letting our opponents keep making illegal moves for their own benefit. If one does not call out the cheating that the opponent makes, one is consenting to the moves being made, making them legal moves whether we like it or not. Consequently, allowing them to win by default.
